In the example here,
even though you have a list of topics,
some things are still relatively unclear.
For example, the ROS topic list command does not tell us which nodes are
publishing or subscribing to a topic or what type of messages are being passed around.
To get the information I just mentioned,
you will use the command rostopicinfo.
Let's start with getting information about the command vel topic.
Rostopic info, and then the name of the topic you'd like more information about.
In this case forward slash turtle1,
forward slash command underscore vel.
And there you have it. The command vel topic has one publisher,
the teleup node, and one subscriber the turtlesim node.
This is actually as you might have suspected a while back when we were
using the keyboard to command the turtle via the teleop node.
The message type associated with the command vel topic is
a twist message and it's part of the geometry messages package.
You might be asking yourself right now,
well, what is a twist message?
To learn more you'll use the ROS message command.